New Sidebar article & related article changes (#2648)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/developer-guide/sidebar.md

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Sidebar icon next to the extension's name

* The sidebar icon is displayed next to the extension name in the hub in the toolbar:

![Sidebar dialog](./sidebar-images/sidebar-dialog.png)
<!-- todo: put real content in png -->

* On the Microsoft Edge Add-Ons store page, there's a dialog on the extension product page, highlighting the sidebar feature.
<!-- todo: show that "dialog", is it actually a dialog? -->

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Opening a extension in the sidebar

To open an extension in the sidebar, the user can do either of the following:

* Click the sidebar icon in the hub in the toolbar.

* Right-click the extension's shortcut in the toolbar.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Properties for sidebars

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Panel behavior

| Property | Description |
|---|---|
| `openPanelOnActionClick` | Whether clicking the extension's icon toggles showing the extension's entry in the sidebar.  The default value is `false`. |

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Panel options

| Property | Description |
|---|---|

> | `tabId` | If specified, the sidebar options only apply to the tab that has this ID.  If not specified, these options set the default behavior enabled.  Whether the sidebar is enabled.  The default value is `true`.<!--todo: delete "Whether the sidebar is enabled.  The default value is `true`."? --> |

Author: @Bhuvana-Priya - remove extra info from cell?

Author: completely reformatted

> | `path` | The path to the side panel HTML file to use.  This needs to be a local resource within the extension package. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `path` | The path to the sidebar HTML file to use.  This needs to be a local resource within the extension package. |
```
definitions table at top probably allows preferring "sidebar" here, unless we want to say "panel" to match API name.

Author: fixed locally

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### SidePanel

> <!-- todo: improve heading -->

Author: @Bhuvana-Priya - improve heading

* On the Microsoft Edge Add-Ons store page, there's a dialog on the extension product page, highlighting the sidebar feature.
<!-- todo: show that "dialog", is it actually a dialog? -->

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Opening Extensions in the Sidebar

To open an extension in the sidebar, the user can do either of the following:

* Click the sidebar icon in the hub in the toolbar.

* Right-click the extension's shortcut in the toolbar.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Properties for extensions in Sidebar   

#### GetPanelOptions

| Property | Description |
|---|---|
| `tabId`  
`number optional` | If specified, the side panel options for the given tab will be returned. Otherwise, returns the default side panel options (used for any tab that doesn't have specific settings).|

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Panel behavior

| Property | Description |
|---|---|
| `openPanelOnActionClick` 
`boolean optional` | Whether clicking the extension's icon toggles showing the extension's entry in the sidebar.  The default value is `false`. |

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Panel options

> 

Author: there's a build error here, i guess you might change to 3-col table, such as:
```
| Property | Description | Optional? |
|---|---|---|
| text | text | text |
```

Author: @Bhuvana-Priya - one of the few markup supported in table cell is <br/>, html for manual line break

Author: completely reformatted

* [Create an extension tutorial, part 1](../getting-started/part1-simple-extension.md)
* [Create an extension tutorial, part 2](../getting-started/part2-content-scripts.md)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin

As with other extension resources, the sidebar page commits to a trusted extension context on its origin (`extension://<id>`).  The sidebar has the same API access as other trusted extension contexts.

All the existing extensions APIs are available for sidebar extensions, so you can leverage all current capabilities of the extensibility framework in your sidebar-enabled extension.

To add a sidebar to your extension, follow the steps below.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Add the sidePanel permission in the extension's manifest file

<!-- compare https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/sidePanel/#manifest -->

Include the `sidePanel` permission in the extension's manifest file:

`manifest.json`:

```json
{
  ...
  "side_panel": {
    "default_path": "sidebar.html"
  },
  "permissions": [
    "sidePanel"
  ]
   ...
}
```

> <!-- todo: change to this listing?

Author: @Bhuvana-Priya - change a couple lines in this listing to be like the other page? --
https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/sidePanel/#manifest

Author: we added rather than replacing

https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2648/files
